Create cosmwasm-chain.md (#18)
allinbits/burner-chains: ideas/cosmwasm-chain.md

# CosmWasm Chain

### A blockchain for the [CosmWasm](github.com/cosmwasm) module with smart contracts generated in Rust

## Description:

> This blockchain could be the testnet first proposed by [ethanfrey](https://github.com/ethanfrey) in his [blog article](https://github.com/cosmwasm/docs/blob/update-blog/website/blog/2019-11-25-cosmwasm-intro.md) describing CosmWasm. This would be a stable playground for users to try out contract interactions. 

Reviewer: Please update the link (I changed this since you wrote the PR):

https://www.cosmwasm.com/blog/2019/12/11/cosmwasm-intro

Thank you

Author: :+1:

> This blockchain could be the testnet first proposed by [ethanfrey](https://github.com/ethanfrey) in his [blog article](https://github.com/cosmwasm/docs/blob/update-blog/website/blog/2019-11-25-cosmwasm-intro.md) describing CosmWasm. This would be a stable playground for users to try out contract interactions. 

Author: ```suggestion
This blockchain could be the testnet first proposed by [ethanfrey](https://github.com/ethanfrey) in his [blog article](https://www.cosmwasm.com/blog/2019/12/11/cosmwasm-intro) describing CosmWasm. This would be a stable playground for users to try out contract interactions. 
```
